Add GitHub templates for issues and PRs (#74)
woocommerce/wc-smooth-generator: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE.md

> <!-- This form is for other issue types specific to WooCommerce E2E Tests Boilerplate. This is not a support portal. -->

Reviewer: Minor change here to that this for Smooth Generator not for WooCommerce E2E Tests Boilerplate:

```suggestion
<!-- This form is for other issue types specific to WooCommerce Smooth Generator. This is not a support portal. -->
```
